bird- toucan 12 Andy
mammal- panda 240 Desiigner
reptile- raptor 150 Drake
mammal- tiger 230 Woods
mammal- whale 600 Arnav
mammal- monkey 120 John
mammal- elephant 1000 Dumbo
mammal- bear 460 Tegan
bird- raven 2 Rupert
reptile- lizard 1 Jeff
bird- hawk 12 Esteban
bird- hummingbird 1 Jimmy
bird- parrot 5 Polly
reptile- snake 2 Jake
reptile- alligator 90 Tebow
mammal- tartan 23 Travis
mammal- bull 1200 Brock
reptile- turtle 15 Tortuga
bird-toucan 12 andy
mammal-panda 240 desiigner
reptile-raptor 150 drake
mammal-tiger 230 woods
mammal-whale 600 arnav
mammal-monkey 120 john
mammal-elephant 1000 dumbo
mammal-bear 460 tegan
bird-raven 2 rupert
reptile-lizard 1 jeff
bird-hawk 12 esteban
bird-hummingbird 1 jimmy
bird-parrot 5 polly
reptile-snake 2 jake
reptile-alligator 90 tebow
mammal-tartan 23 travis
mammal-bull 1200 brock
reptile-turtle 15 tortuga

